What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

When a repository is initialized, git creates a hidden directory which it will use to store commits.  
This needs to be done in order to implement version control with git.  A repository needs to be created
before any commits can be made.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

A staging area is an important part of version control because is acts as a midpoint between whats actively being worked on, and what is ready to be integrated.  The value it offers is that it allows for specific files to be committed at a time as opposed to everything which has been worked on since the last commit.  This allows for project progression that is faciliatated by the user. 

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

The staging area is a good place to put files before I'm ready to commit a logical change.  I can make sure that the size of my commit is right
by using the diff command with different options.  

To see what I've changed with whats staged and what was previously committed, I can use "git diff --staged".  This will allow me to check
to make sure what is staged is what is the complete logical change that I want to commit. 

If I feel like I've missed something, I can run the command "git diff", which will compare my working directory with my staging area.  This will help
me inspect what else I feel like is worth committing.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Log files would only appear under a specific branch.  So when it comes time to branch, all commits from the branch will be saved here.  The master
branch won't be cluttered by other commits.  The history of development of the master will only contain what is important in its development.  If there
branches which don't pan out, the master history will be free from all the those commits. 

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams will help visualize the branch structure by showing where each commit is relative to its parent.  By connecting each commit, the branch structure
will begin to take form.  One possible use for these diagrams could be to see which direction a project is going, where the most time is being spent, and where to direct resources to.  Overall, it gives a broad overview of a projects progress and is a useful diagram to reference for a project's team leader.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

The result of merging two branches together is that it creates a unified version of two different branches.  Merging combines the files in both versions, and also combines the history of the two branches.  Running git log in the merged version will show the history of both branches.  The reason why it is represented in the diagram as a single node with the two branch tips as the parent nodes is because each of these branches contributed to the merged version.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Some of the pros to Gits automatic merge is that it speeds up the process of the merge.  The con to this is that it could introduce extra clutter into
the program, or even introduce a bug.  However, it does allow the user to focus more attention on conflicts.  Manual merging everying has a pro, it gives
the user complete control.  The downside to this is that it takes more time, it would be diserable to automate the more trivial changes